Respected user:\n

\t\t\t\tThank you for choosing the ANT Token service. The ANT Token Service Agreement (hereinafter referred to as "this Agreement") is signed by the ANT Foundation (hereinafter referred to as "the Foundation" or "us") and the User (hereinafter referred to as "you" or "User"). This Agreement is between you and There is legal effect on the contract between the foundations.\n

\t\t\t\tWe hereby remind you that before using ANT Token (hereafter referred to as “ANT Token” or “Software”), please read the “ANT Token Service Agreement” and the related agreements mentioned below to ensure that you fully understand this agreement. Terms and conditions, and consider the risks autonomously.\n

I. Confirmation and acceptance of this agreement\n
1. You understand that this Agreement and related agreements apply to Decentralized Applications ("DApp") (excluding third-party developed DApps) developed and owned by the Foundation on ANT Token and ANT Token.\n
2. By downloading the ANT Token Software and creating or importing the Wallet, you are deemed to have fully read and accepted all the terms of this Agreement. This Agreement is effective immediately and is binding on both parties.\n
3. This Agreement may be updated by the Foundation at any time. Once the revised agreement is published on ANT Token, it will automatically take effect without further notice. After we announce the terms of the revised agreement, if you do not accept the revised terms, please stop using ANT Token immediately, and your continued use of ANT Token will be deemed to accept the revised agreement.\n
4. If you are under the age of 18, or have no civil capacity or restricted capacity, use ANT Token under the direction of your parent or guardian.\n
II.The definition\n
1ANT Token: refers to the blockchain wallet developed by the Foundation based on the Ethereum single-chain system (and other blockchain systems supported in the future), including other auxiliary tools developed to facilitate the user to use the blockchain system.\n
2. User:\n

\t(1) The user must be a natural person with full civil capacity;\n
\t(2) If you use the ANT Token service for minors under the age of 18, you will need to use ANT Token under the direction of your parent or guardian. ANT Token reserves the right to ask you and your parent or guardian to be responsible for any consequences of the use of ANT Token or a person with limited capacity to conduct a transaction beyond the scope of his or her civil rights or capacity.\n
3. Safety Test Questionnaire: Before you use ANT Token (and in the future use process), you need to pass the safety test questionnaire to prove that you understand the blockchain technology and knowledge, and have the basics of rational use and management of the decentralized wallet. ability.\n
4. Create or import a wallet: Refers to the process of using ANT Token to confirm the fulfillment of this agreement and to create or import a wallet.\n
5. Wallet password: refers to the password that you are prompted to fill out during the process of creating an ANT Token wallet. The password is used to encrypt and protect the private key. As a decentralized app, the wallet password is not stored on your mobile device or our server. Once lost, you will need to reset the new password with a clear text private key or mnemonic.\n
6. Information prompt: The information prompt content involved in the ANT Token software operation interface, it is recommended that the user follow the relevant steps.\n
7. Specific users: Users who must cooperate with us in fulfilling their personal information disclosure obligations in accordance with laws, regulations and policies.\n
8. Private key: consists of 256-bit random characters, which is the core of the user's own and use of digital tokens.\n
9. Public key: Generated by the private key by means of cryptography, and used to generate the blockchain digital wallet address. The digital wallet address is the public collection address.\n
10. Mnemonic: Complies with the blockchain BIP39 industry standard, consisting of 12 (or 15/18/21/24) ordered words generated by a random algorithm. It is an easy-to-record expression of the private key, which is convenient for users to backup and keep.\n
11. Keystore: is a file format in which the private key or mnemonic is encrypted and encrypted by the user-set wallet password. It is only stored on your mobile device and will not be synchronized to the Fusion Server.\n
12. Digital Token: Refers to the types of digital tokens currently supported by ANT Token, including but not limited to ANT.\n
13. Information: refers to articles such as “Browse” and “Market” on ANT Token. These materials are owned by the Foundation and may not be reproduced without authorization.\n
14. Personal Information: Any information recorded electronically or otherwise that can identify the user's personal identity, either alone or in combination with other information, including but not limited to the name of the natural person, date of birth, ID number, personal biometric information, address , phone number, bank card number, email address, wallet address, mobile device information, operation history, transaction history, etc., but does not include the user's wallet password, private key, mnemonic, Keystore.\n
III.The service content\n
1. Create or import a wallet. For digital tokens supported by ANT Token, you can use ANT Token to generate a new wallet or import a compatible wallet generated by other wallet tools in the relevant blockchain system.\n
2. Transfer, collection. You can use the transfer and collection function of ANT Token to manage digital tokens, that is, use the private key for electronic signature and modify the ledger of the relevant blockchain. Transfer means that the payer uses the blockchain address of the payee to perform the transfer operation. The actual transfer and collection behaviors occur in the relevant blockchain system (not ANT Token).\n
3. Quotes view. You can use ANT Token to view the digital token exchange rate prices provided. ANT Token captures the corresponding digital token exchange rate information and displays it in the "Market" section of the ANT Token.\n
4. Manage digital assets. You can use ANT Token to add, keep, and remove digital tokens supported by ANT Token.\n
5. Browse the DApp. Through the link on the ANT Token, the user can jump to the DApp and use the services provided by the DApp (including our own DApp and third-party DApp).\n
6. Transaction history. We will copy all or part of your transaction history through the blockchain system. However, the transaction records are subject to the records of the blockchain system.\n
7. Suspend service. You know that based on the "irrevocable" nature of the blockchain system transaction, we cannot suspend or cancel the transfer transaction, etc., but under certain circumstances, we can suspend or restrict the operation of a user to the ANT Token software.\n
8. Other services that we think are necessary.\n
Users should be aware of the following common issues when accepting the above services we provide:\n

1. Adhering to the decentralization of the blockchain, and in order to protect the digital token security of users, we provide decentralized services, which are greatly different from banking financial institutions. Users understand that we do not provide the following services:\n

\t(1) store the user's wallet password (that is, the password set when the user creates/imports the wallet), the private key, the mnemonic, and the Keystore;\n
\t(2) Retrieve the user's wallet password, private key, mnemonic, Keystore;\n
\t(3) freezing the wallet;\n
\t(4) Lost the wallet;\n
\t(5) Restoring the wallet;\n
\t(6) The transaction is rolled back.\n
2. Since we do not provide the above services, users should keep their own mobile devices with ANT Token, backup ANT Token, backup wallet password, mnemonic, private key and Keystore. If the user loses the mobile device, deletes and does not back up the ANT Token, deletes and does not back up the wallet, the wallet is stolen or forgotten the wallet password, private key, mnemonic, Keystore, we are unable to restore the wallet or retrieve the wallet password, private key, Mnemonic, Keystore; if the user mishandles the transaction (such as the wrong transfer address), we can not cancel the transaction.\n
3. The Digital Token Management Service that the Foundation and ANT Token can provide does not include all existing digital tokens. Do not operate any digital tokens that are not supported by ANT Token through ANT Token.\n
4. ANT Token is only the user's digital token management tool, not an exchange or trading platform. Although this Agreement will refer to “transactions” many times, its behavior generally refers to the transfer and collection operations performed by users using ANT Token, which is fundamentally different from “transactions” conducted on exchanges or trading platforms.\n
5. The DApp integrated on ANT Token includes our own DApp and DApp provided by third-party platforms. For DApps provided by third-party platforms, ANT Token only provides blockchain browsers for users to enter DApp. Before accepting services or conducting transactions on a third-party DApp, users should judge and evaluate whether the services or transactions provided by the third-party DApp are at risk.\n
IV. Your rights and obligations\n
\t(1) Create or import a wallet\n
1. Create or import a wallet: You have the right to create and/or import a wallet via ANT Token on your mobile device, have the right to set the wallet's wallet password and other information, and have the right to use your own wallet via the ANT Token app. Transfers and collections are performed on the blockchain.\n
2. Authentication: In accordance with relevant laws, regulations and policies, certain users should complete relevant authentication in accordance with the ANT Token prompt when using the related services provided by ANT Token, and ask you to submit including but not limited to your name and ID card. Personal information such as number, mobile number, and bank card number information. Otherwise, the specific user will not be able to use the service, and the loss caused by the delay of the specific user is at your own risk.\n
3. We may develop different software versions for different terminal devices. You should choose to download the appropriate version for installation according to actual needs. If you obtain the software or the installation program with the same name as the software from a third party that is not legally authorized, we cannot guarantee the normal use of the software or the security of the software, and the damage is at your own risk.\n
4. After the new version of the software is released, the old version of the software may not be available. We do not guarantee the security of the old software, continue to provide usability and provide corresponding customer service. Please check and download the latest version at any time.\n
\t(2) use\n
1. Users should keep their own mobile devices, wallet passwords, private keys, mnemonics, Keystore and other information. We are not responsible for keeping the above information for our users. You are solely responsible for any risks, liabilities, losses, and expenses incurred as a result of your loss of mobile devices, active or passive disclosure, forgotten wallet passwords, private keys, mnemonics, Keystore or other attacks, fraud, etc.\n
2. Follow the information prompts. You understand and agree to follow the information prompts that ANT Token has made to you, and follow the information prompts. Otherwise, all risks, liabilities, losses, expenses, etc. caused by you shall be borne by you.\n
3. You understand and understand that ANT Token is not obligated to perform due diligence obligations on linked third-party DApp services or transactions, and you should make investment decisions and assume the corresponding investment risks.\n
4. Actively complete the authentication. When ANT Token reasonably believes that your trading behavior or trading situation is abnormal, or that your identity information is suspect, or ANT Token believes that you should check your identity documents or other necessary documents, please actively cooperate with ANT Token to check Your valid ID or other necessary documents will complete the relevant authentication in a timely manner.\n
5. Transfer.\n

\t(1) You are aware of the daily transfer limit and number of pens you can use for the ANT Token service, possibly due to the country in which you use the transfer service, regulatory requirements, transfer purposes, ANT Token risk control, authentication Waiting for something different.\n
\t(2) You understand the "irrevocable" attribute based on blockchain operation. When you use the ANT Token transfer function, you should bear the consequences of your operation errors (including but not limited to the wrong transfer address, Your own choice to transfer the node server).\n
\t(3) You are aware that when using the ANT Token service, the following circumstances may result in a transfer "transaction failure" or "package timeout":\n

\t\ta) insufficient wallet balance;\n
\t\tb) insufficient transaction miners;\n
\t\tc) the blockchain execution contract code failed;\n
\t\td) exceed the payment amount specified by the regulatory authorities, ANT Token or laws and regulations;\n
\t\te) technical failures such as networks and equipment;\n
\t\tf) The blockchain network is congested, faults, etc., causing the transaction to be abandoned;\n
\t\tg) Your address or counterparty address is identified as a special address, such as a high-risk address, an exchange address, an ICO address, a Token address, and so on.\n
\t(4) You know that ANT Token only provides you with the transfer tool. After you use ANT Token to complete the transfer, we have fulfilled all the obligations of the current service. We do not bear any obligations for other disputes.\n
6. Legal compliance. You know that when you operate with ANT Token or when you use the DApp on ANT Token, you should follow the relevant laws and regulations and national policies.\n
7. Announcement notice. ANT Token will send you notifications by means of website announcements, emails, text messages, phone calls, message center messages, pop-up reminders or client notifications, such as notifying you of the progress of the transaction or prompting you to do so. Pay attention to it.\n
8. Service fees and tax obligations:\n

\t(1) ANT Token will not charge you any service fees or handling fees for the time being, and will be agreed or announced in the future when certain services are charged.\n
\t(2) You should pay the miner's fee when you use ANT Token for transfer. The amount is up to you. Miners' fees are charged by the relevant blockchain system;\n
\t(3) You know that under certain circumstances, because your environment and network status are unstable, your transfer operation will not be completed, and the miners will be charged by the relevant blockchain system;\n
\t(4) You are responsible for all taxable and other expenses incurred by you for trading in ANT Token.\n
V.Risk tips\n
1. You understand and understand that due to the fact that the laws, regulations and policies in the field of digital tokens are not yet sound, digital tokens in this field may have significant risks such as unfulfillable and technical instability. And the price fluctuation of digital tokens is much higher than other financial assets. We caution you to rationally choose to hold or dispose of any type of digital token based on your financial situation and risk appetite. The market view function provided by ANT Token only captures the search results of the digital token exchange rate information of some exchanges, and does not indicate the latest market or best offer.\n
2. When using the ANT Token service, if you or your counterparty fails to comply with the operation instructions or rules in this agreement or related website description, transaction, payment page, ANT Token does not guarantee the completion of the transaction, and ANT Token does not Responsibility for damages. In the event that the foregoing occurs and the funds have been credited to your or your counterparty's ANT Token wallet or third party wallet, you understand the “irreversible” nature of the blockchain operation and the “unreversible” characteristics of the relevant transaction. You and your counterparts bear the corresponding risk consequences.\n
3. When you use ANT Token integrated third-party DApp services or conduct transactions, for your benefit, we recommend that you carefully read this agreement and ANT Token tips, understand the transaction object and product information, and carefully assess the risk before taking action. All transactions you make in a third-party DApp are your personal actions, and a binding contractual relationship is established between you and your opposing party, regardless of ANT Token. ANT Token is not responsible for any risks, liabilities, losses or expenses incurred as a result of your trading activities.\n
4. During the course of the transaction, you should judge whether the other party is a fully civil servant and decide whether to trade or transfer the other party to the other party, and you bear all risks associated with it.\n
5. During the transfer process, if there is a similar information such as “transaction failure”, “package timeout”, etc., you should reconfirm through the official route of the relevant blockchain system or other blockchain query tools. Avoid repeated transfers; otherwise, all losses and expenses resulting from this shall be borne by you.\n
6. You understand that when you create or import a wallet on an ANT Token, your Keystore, private key, mnemonic, etc. are only stored on the current mobile device and are not stored on the ANT Token or our server. You can replace your mobile device with a sync wallet, etc., following the instructions provided by ANT Token. However, if you do not save or back up your wallet password, private key, mnemonic, keystore, etc. and your mobile device is lost, your digital token will be lost and we will not be able to retrieve it for you. Corresponding losses. If you are leaking, exporting, or backing up your wallet password, private key, mnemonic, keystore, etc., or if the device or server that saved or backed up the above information is hacked or controlled, your digital token will So lost, we can't get it for you, you have to bear the corresponding losses.\n
7. We recommend that you make a secure backup of your wallet's wallet password, private key, mnemonic, and keystore when creating or importing your wallet. We draw your attention, please do not use the following backup methods: screenshots, mail, notepad, SMS, WeChat, QQ and other electronic backup methods. We recommend that you copy information such as mnemonics and Keystore on a paper notebook, and you can also keep your electronic data in the password manager.\n
8. We recommend that you use ANT Token in a secure network environment to ensure that your mobile device is not jailbroken or rooted to avoid potential security risks.\n
9. Please be alert to the official fraud of non-ANT Token during the use of our services. Once you find such behavior, we encourage you to let us know as soon as possible.\n
VI. Change, interruption or termination of service\n
1. You agree that we may temporarily provide some of the service functions to ensure the autonomy of our business operations, or suspend some of our service functions or open new service functions in the future. When any function is reduced or increased or changed, you will still agree to the terms of this Agreement or this Agreement as long as you still use the services we provide.\n
2. To protect your digital token security, try to avoid the misuse or risk caused by using ANT Token without the basic knowledge of blockchain. You must first pass the safety test questionnaire and reach We can use the ANT Token service for the qualifying scores we require. Otherwise, we have the right to limit or refuse to provide some or all of the service features.\n
3. You understand that we will suspend the provision of services when:\n

\t(1) The business is interrupted due to technical reasons such as equipment, blockchain system maintenance, upgrade, failure and communication interruption;\n
\t(2) Due to force majeure factors such as typhoons, earthquakes, tsunamis, floods, power outages, wars or terrorist attacks, viruses, Trojans, hackers, system instability or government actions, etc., the system cannot provide services or we reasonably believe that services will continue to be provided. There will be greater risks;\n
\t(3) Other circumstances that we cannot control or reasonably foresee.\n
3. We may unilaterally suspend or terminate some or all of your use of ANT Token when you:\n

\t(1) the user dies;\n
\t(2) stealing other people's wallet information or mobile devices;\n
\t(3) Providing false information when filling in personal information, and not operating when answering the safety test questionnaire;\n
\t(4) Rejecting the mandatory update operation initiated by us to enhance the ANT Token function;\n
\t(5) Use ANT Token for illegal or criminal activities;\n
\t(6) hinder the normal use of other users;\n
\t(7) Falsely claiming the staff or management of the Foundation;\n
\t(8) attack, invade, alter or otherwise threaten the normal operation of our computer system;\n
\t(9) Use ANT Token to promote spam ads;\n
\t(10) Spread rumors that damage the goodwill of the Foundation and ANT Token;\n
\t(11) Violations, other violations of this Agreement, and circumstances in which we reasonably believe that the function should be suspended.\n
4. When the service relationship between you and the Foundation changes, is interrupted, and you terminate, you still have the right to export information such as your wallet within a reasonable time.\n
VII. Your commitment to use our services legally\n
1. You should abide by relevant laws and regulations and the laws and regulations of the country or region in which you live. You must not use ANT Token for any illegal purposes or use our services in any illegal way.\n
2. You may not use ANT Token to engage in illegal or criminal conduct, including but not limited to:\n

\t(1) Oppose the basic principles established by the Constitution, endangering national security, leaking state secrets, subverting state power, and undermining national unity;\n
\t(2) Engage in any criminal activity, including but not limited to money laundering, illegal fund raising, etc.;\n
\t(3) Intervene or attempt to intervene in any user or any other means by using any automated program, software, engine, web crawler, web analytics tool, data mining tool or similar tool to access the service, collect or process the content we provide, Access to the service;\n
\t(4) Providing gambling information or inducing others to participate in gambling in any way;\n
\t(5) Invade other people's ANT Token wallet to steal digital tokens;\n
\t(6) conducting a transaction that is inconsistent with the transaction content claimed by the counterparty, or an untrue transaction;\n
\t(7) Engage in any act that infringes or may infringe the ANT Token service system and data;\n
\t(8) Other violations and acts that we have justified to consider inappropriate.\n
3. You understand and agree that if you breach the relevant laws (including but not limited to customs and tax regulations) or the provisions of this Agreement, we suffer any loss, claim by any third party or any administrative department Penalties, you should compensate us, including reasonable attorney fees.\n
4. You promise to pay our service fees (if any) on time, otherwise we have the right to suspend or suspend the services provided to you.\n
VIII.Privacy policy\n
1. We attach great importance to the protection of user privacy. For related privacy protection policies, please refer to the “ANT Token Privacy Policy” that we update from time to time.\n
IX.Exemption and limitation of liability\n
1. We are only responsible for the obligations set forth in this Agreement.\n
2. You understand and agree that, to the extent permitted by law, we may only provide services in accordance with the current state of the art and conditions. We are not responsible for the failure of ANT Token to provide services due to the following reasons:\n

\t(1) ANT Token system shutdown maintenance or upgrade;\n
\t(2) Force majeure causes such as typhoons, earthquakes, floods, lightning or terrorist attacks;\n
\t(3) The hardware and software of your mobile device and the communication line and power supply line are faulty;\n
\t(4) You have mishandled or have not used the Service by way of our authorization or approval;\n
\t(5) Causes due to viruses, Trojans, malicious program attacks, network congestion, system instability, system or equipment failure, communication failures, power failures, banks, etc. or government actions;\n
\t(6) Any other cause not caused by the Foundation.\n
3. We are not responsible for the following situations:\n

\t(1) Loss of digital tokens caused by the user losing the mobile device, deleting and not backing up the imToken, deleting and not backing up the wallet, purging the wallet or forgetting the wallet password, private key, mnemonic, Keystore;\n
\t(2) The user may divulge the wallet password, private key, mnemonic, Keystore, or borrow, transfer or authorize others to use their mobile device or ANT Token wallet, or download the ANT Token application or other unsafe through official channels. Way to use the ANT Token app to cause the loss of digital tokens;\n
\t(3) Loss of digital tokens caused by user misuse (including but not limited to the problem of the wrong transfer address, your choice of transfer node server);\n
\t(4) Loss of digital tokens caused by misuse of the user's incomprehension of the nature of the blockchain technology;\n
\t(5) Due to time lag, unstable blockchain system, etc., the transaction records of our copy users on the blockchain are deviated;\n
\t(6) The risks and consequences of the operation of the user on the third party DApp.\n
4. You understand that ANT Token is only used as a tool for your digital token management. We are unable to control the quality, safety or legality of the products and services provided by third party DApps, the authenticity or accuracy of the information, and the ability of the opposing party to perform its obligations under the agreement with you. All transactions you make in a third-party DApp are your personal actions, and a binding contractual relationship is established between you and your opposing party, regardless of ANT Token. We remind you that you should use your own discretion to determine the authenticity, legality and validity of the login DApp and related information. The risks arising from your dealings with any third party are also your responsibility.\n
5. We may provide services to you and your counterparties at the same time. You agree to expressly waive any actual or potential conflicts of interest for such actions that may exist in the Foundation, and may not claim that we exist in the provision of services. The legal flaws do not add to our responsibility or duty of care.\n
6. We do not provide guarantees in the following forms:\n

\t(1) Our services will meet all your needs;\n
\t(2) Any technology, products, services and information you obtain through our services will meet your expectations;\n
\t(3) We guarantee the timeliness, accuracy, completeness and reliability of the information on the digital token market trading market captured by third-party exchanges;\n
\t(4) The parties to your transaction on ANT Token will promptly perform their obligations in the transaction agreement with you.\n
7. You understand that ANT Token is only used as a tool for users to manage digital tokens and display transaction information. We do not provide legal, tax or investment advice. You should seek advice from professionals in the legal, tax, and investment fields, and we are not responsible for any investment losses, data loss, etc. that you suffer from using our services.\n
8. You understand that, in accordance with the requirements of relevant policies and regulations, we may change our user access criteria from time to time, and limit the scope and manner of providing services to a specific group.\n
X. Complete agreement\n
1. This Agreement consists of the ANT Token Service Agreement, the ANT Token Privacy Policy and the rules we publish from time to time, including the Help Center.\n
2. Part of this Agreement is deemed to be a breach or invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction and does not affect the validity of other content.\n
XI. Intellectual Property Protection\n
 ANT Token is an application developed and owned by the Foundation. The intellectual property rights of any content displayed in ANT Token, including this Agreement, Announcements, Articles, Videos, Audio, Images, Archives, Information, Materials, Trademarks or Logos, are the property of the Foundation or third party rights holders. Users can only use the ANT Token application and its contents for the purpose of holding and managing digital tokens. No one may use, modify, reverse compile, reproduce, publicly distribute, alter, distribute, distribute or publicly publish such applications and content without the prior written consent of the Foundation or third party rights holders.\n
XII. Application of Law and Dispute Resolution\n
1. The validity, interpretation, alteration, enforcement and dispute resolution of this Agreement and its amendments shall apply to national laws and, if there is no relevant legal provision, international business practices and/or industry practices shall apply.\n
2. If there is any dispute or dispute between you and the Foundation, it should first be settled through friendly negotiation. If the negotiation fails, either party may submit the jurisdiction of the people's court with jurisdiction at the location of the Foundation.\n
XIII. Others\n
1. You are required to fully understand and comply with all relevant laws, rules and regulations in your jurisdiction and use of our services.\n
2. If you encounter any problems while using our services, you can contact us by submitting feedback at ANT Token.\n
3. You can view this agreement in ANT Token. We encourage you to check out our service agreement every time you visit ANT Token.\n
4. This Agreement shall apply from February 2, 2019.\n
For matters not covered by this Agreement, you are subject to the announcements and related rules that the Foundation updates from time to time.\n